# LOUCA23 Compiled Successfully!


LibreOffice Conf. Asia & UbuCon Asia 2023 (LOUCA23) is over. Thanks to all parties involved in the excitement of this event. About 382 participants (excluding organizers, volunteers and speakers) attended this event. The number of participants was dominated by students (51%) and the rest came from the general public and practitioners. This percentage are what organizers expected, we hope they will be new contributors in the future after joining LOUCA23.

In this two-day activity on 7 & 8 October 2023, there were 45 speakers from various countries; Indonesia, Malaysia, Timor Leste, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, India and Germany. Each speakers fills in the schedule track according to the schedule that has been announced. Session documentation from each speakers will likely be uploaded periodically over the next few months.

The excitement of LOUCA23 in Surakarta certainly could not have happened without the help of volunteers from various open source communities in Indonesia; including the Solo Linux Community (PLiS), Kelompok Linux Arek Surabaya (KLAS), Linux Nurul Fikri (Linux NF Depok), and the PTIK (Himakoptik) student association. Apart from special swag for volunteers, LibreOffice ID also gives special appreciation to MVP volunteer LOUCA23. Big Thanks!

We also give high appreciation to all of our sponsors who are actively involved in LOUCA23, special thanks to the platinum sponsors LibreOffice & Canonical Ubuntu. Thank you also to OnlyOffice, Nevacloud (your booth is cool!), IndoBSD, IDNIC-APJII, Biznet Gio, and Kopi Toedjoeh who provided special coffee for two days full of activities! Also Thanks to the team from Nenggala Kreatif Indonesia for providing supporting platforms for activities ranging from CFP submissions to registration and participation management. Thank you also to the Gimpscape ID and OpenInfra community who participated in enlivening the community booth, we really appreciate it!

Will the fun continue? Of course!
We provide a special page at https://louca.id/post/stories for all participants involved in LOUCA23 to share their unique stories. We have also prepared a community album compilation and can be accessed at https://s.id/louca23-community-album. Other official documentation including participation certificates will be announced immediately via the LOUCA23 Telegram Channel.

Finally, congratulations to all of us on the successful holding of LOUCA23. See you at other activities in the future!
